---
layout: post
title:      "Why software engineering? Why Flatiron? Why now?"
date:       2020-08-19 09:42:13 -0400
permalink:  why_software_egineering_why_flatiron_why_now
---


     As a college student years ago, I had the oppurtunity to spend almost a year as an undergraduate research fellow at a prominent national laboratory.  During my time as a research fellow I had the opportunity to learn how to write code in a couple of scripting languages, it was my first real intro to programming since learning Basic as a tween.  Although it was a great learning experience with a great team that was at the ground floor of what is today machine learning, my big takeaway was that I didn't enjoy sitting in front of a computer writing code all day.  I had too much energy and enjoyed working with my hands. 
		 After I returned to school I completed my B.S. in physics and spent almost a decade working in various laboratories and finding that I was not really happy.  I decided to throw caution to the wind and find something new.  Over the last five years I have been everything from a real estate salesperson to a health inspector to a blackjack dealer none of it was for me.  During this time I decided it would be nice to go back to school for something more applied in the tech field and jumped into some electrical engineering and computer science classes as I found time.
		 One day a couple years back I was on my way home and stopped for a quick beer while I waited for my ferry to Staten Island.  I wound up sitting next to some gentleman who was chatting with the manager about writing code.  I wound up getting in on the conversation and after talking for a bit the man turned out to be a rather successful self taught tech entrepeneur and when I told him I was taking some courses he chuckled and said he never went to college and wouldn't waste his time.  I was dismayed by the comment at first.  He then proceeded to break down his path and how he avoided the opportunity cost of time and money for college.  He ended it all by telling me if he had to do it all over again from where I was at, he would do a bootcamp and that stuck with me.
		 I went home and started researching various bootcamps.  Flatiron was stand out as well as a couple of others, I just couldn't make the time or financial commitment work.  I was happy to learn recently about the self paced online option and found a diamond in the rough of our current pandemic.  I have the time to dedicate to learning how to be a software engineer and I am thoroughly enjoying it.  I am on day 3 and thrilled to be here with you all.  Best of luck everyone and see you around campus.
